Well, what's wrong with that old woman?
Well, but what the hell is wrong with that woman?
Why are you doing that with me?
I don't know...
Because that is something I mean.
I've never seen a significant woman.
And you mean, you have to risk this woman?
I'm so sorry.
Oh...
Hey.
How do I find the eyes of the big
flat lights?
How do I know that you're pregnant?
Where do I need to?
How do I need to do this?
If I'm taking a picture,
How do I find the scenery?
Where are you going?
I'm taking a picture,
How do I need to look after this?
How do you find the picture?
How do I find the city?
moment and not switch on me, it's my...
I don't know.
But I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.